README.rst, before:

==============
imio.email.dms
==============

This package ensures the import of incoming emails into DMS.


Features
--------

1. fetch waiting emails from IMAP mailbox
2. parse emails (headers, attachments, ...)
3. generate a PDF email preview
4. send informations to DMS webservice
5. mark emails as imported


Usage
-----

To process emails, you can execute ::

 bin/process_mails config.ini

See `config.ini` file for various parameters.


Errors
------

In case the importation process fails, the corresponding emails are marked as
errors and are not taken into account anymore.
An email notification is sent with the problematic email attached.
To process them again, you can execute ::

 bin/process_mails config.ini --requeue_errors



Requirements
------------

package wkhtmltopdf


Contribute
----------

- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/collective/imio.email.dms/issues
- Source Code: https://github.com/collective/imio.email.dms


License
-------

The project is licensed under the GPLv2.

Commit message:

Update Jenkinsfile to add release stage

README.rst, after:

==============
imio.email.dms
==============

This package ensures the import of incoming emails into DMS.


Features
--------

1. fetch waiting emails from IMAP mailbox
2. parse emails (headers, attachments, ...)
3. generate a PDF email preview
4. send informations to DMS webservice
5. mark emails as imported


Usage
-----

To process emails, you can execute ::

 bin/process_mails config.ini

See `config.ini` file for various parameters.


Release
-------

On each commit on this repo, Jenkins will create a new Docker image, push it on imio staging registry and restart staging instance.
On each release (new tag with zest.releaser_) Jenkins copy latest staging image and push it on prod registry

.. _zest.releaser: https://pypi.org/project/zest.releaser/


Errors
------

In case the importation process fails, the corresponding emails are marked as
errors and are not taken into account anymore.
An email notification is sent with the problematic email attached.
To process them again, you can execute ::

 bin/process_mails config.ini --requeue_errors



Requirements
------------

package wkhtmltopdf


Contribute
----------

- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/collective/imio.email.dms/issues
- Source Code: https://github.com/collective/imio.email.dms


License
-------

The project is licensed under the GPLv2.
